## Issue Details:
As I had some issues when building my CARA (Marbles) module I found out that the module runs at 1/8 the speed. It turned out that the external clock source crystal was not functional and after replacing the parts without any success I went ahead and used the internal RC oscillator instead. 

## Solution:
My STM senses that the external signal is unavailable, or no PLL can be obtained, and proceeds by using the internal clock instead. (As I read at boot the HSI is used by default until PLL is established). However as I saw the clock configuration is not really prepared for this situation and the device starts running 1/8 the speed as it should. This can be confirmed by pressing and holding the scale selector button, which takes 8X the original time to get into the setting.

Here is the modified version of the system_stm32f4xx.c config file. This is located in the "C:\mutable-dev-environment-master\eurorack-modules\stmlib\third_party\STM\CMSIS\CM3_f4xx" folder. Change the original file to this to enable internal RC oscillator (aka. HSI) on the stm32f4xx devices.
Keep in mind that all stm32f4xx uC based modules will be effected by this configuration change! Rename the file and replace with the original. Once the file swap is done rebuild the bootloader and firmware file, including the resources - deleting existing files should encourage a full build. Upload the made firmware and hope for the best.

## Change log: 
- Added a routine if the HSE (external crystal oscillator) fails on startup /line 425-460/
- Adjusted PLL frequency as internal oscillator has different frequency /line 156,159/

*no other files modified*


All credits go to Émilie Gillet (Mutable Instruments) as the original source of the code.

Note that the code itself is copyrighted by STMicroelectronics as it was originally generated by the clock configuration tool.

Also, modifying generated C code in general is not a good idea unless you have a perfect understanding of what is going on. I only have a vague understanding of what has been added, and I will not take any responsibilities for bricked, damaged or destroyed devices.

The code is provided as is, no support, no promises.